Bubble Game Notes
o save high score
o add difficulties

Canvas:
o add toolbar:
	x color picker will be one icon with dropdown
	o custom color selector
	x eraser (just changes bg color to lightgray)
	x toggle canvas box borders
	o clear all

Scroll animation:
o make animation that progresses as you scroll

Proof navbar:
o why does nav menu flash on page load?
o x button currently bottom-heavy needs fixed
o if we have time:
	o fine tune navbar close
o change color of search icon on click
	
Future:
o restaurant ordering (coffee):
	o client sets selection boxes as either "can choose multiple" (eg toppings) or "can choose one" (eg size)
	o maybe have separate section for pizzas and for things like extra sauces and sides
	o quantity option
	o offer this to a pizza restaurant for free?
		o include service fee?
		o could learn a lot for future restaurant ordering
		o maybe could provide one of two options:
			o fee per transaction (either flat fee or percentage of sale)
			o OR charge monthly fee
	o option for making selections unavailable
	
	o steps:
		o find how to handle submitted php
			o where do the submitted fields go? Should it be stored somewhere? Maybe the receipt is emailed to business owner or stored somewhere for them as record
			
		o do we generate receipts and receive payments, or does a third party/plugin do that for us?
		o 

Future: copy starbucks page load smoothness:
	o only part of page changes on click of some things; so, header and sidebar remain while other part of page reloads/changes

Future: image view practice:
o image gallery w left/right arrows to navigate

Future: top-down shooter:
o grid-based, can only move up-down-left-right
o press space or other key to shoot
o can shoot enemies to destroy them (stationary or moving?)
o powerups?

Future: shape creator:
o user enters specs in input fields such as height, width, border radius, etc.
o can select certain preset things such as shape (square, circle, etc.)
o when all is input, hit enter to generate shape

Future: dodging game:
o desc: 5 tracks (rows) and character sits at left; items to avoid slide from right to left and you dodge them by using arrow keys to move up and down tracks
o can have good items that give bonus points or maybe effects like temporarily slowing down movement of bad items
o no time limit; instead, make it progressively harder over time
	o this could be done by making bad item speed/frequency increase ever so slightly after each one is deployed. That way, js is not relying on time intervals to increase difficulty or end game
